AAP-29905 Added new modules to the RH AAP credentials chapter (#2469)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/assemblies/eda/assembly-eda-set-up-rhaap-credential.adoc

= {PlatformName} credential

> When {EDAcontroller} is deployed on {PlatformNameShort} {PlatformVers}, you can create a {PlatformName} credential to connect to {ControllerName} through the use of an {ControllerName} URL and a username and password. After it has been created, you can attach the {PlatformName} credential to a rulebook and use it to run rulebook activations. These credentials provide a simple way to configure communication between {ControllerName} and {EDAcontroller}, enabling your rulebooks to launch jobs.

Reviewer: Small nit, and I may be incorrect here, but wondering if we should instead say - 

```suggestion
When {EDAcontroller} is deployed on {PlatformNameShort} {PlatformVers}, you can create a {PlatformName} credential to connect to {ControllerName} through the use of an {ControllerName} URL and a username and password. After it has been created, you can attach the {PlatformName} credential to a rulebook and use it to run rulebook activations. These credentials provide a simple way to configure communication between {ControllerName} and {EDAcontroller}, enabling your rulebook activations to launch job templates.
```

Author: Thanks for the correction here, Zack. I want to be sure to correctly state this for the user's perspective.

= {PlatformName} credential

When {EDAcontroller} is deployed on {PlatformNameShort} {PlatformVers}, you can create a {PlatformName} credential to connect to {ControllerName} through the use of an {ControllerName} URL and a username and password. After it has been created, you can attach the {PlatformName} credential to a rulebook and use it to run rulebook activations. These credentials provide a simple way to configure communication between {ControllerName} and {EDAcontroller}, enabling your rulebook activations to launch job templates.

[NOTE]
====

> If you deployed {EDAcontroller} with {PlatformNameShort} 2.4, you probably used controller tokens to connect {ControllerName} and {EDAcontroller}. These controller tokens have been deprecated in {PlatformNameShort} {PlatformVers}. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe this is overkill, but what do you think about adding: 
```suggestion
If you deployed {EDAcontroller} with {PlatformNameShort} 2.4, you probably used controller tokens to connect {ControllerName} and {EDAcontroller}. These controller tokens have been deprecated in {PlatformNameShort} {PlatformVers} and must be deleted.
```

Author: I had that sentence added to the note before, but opted to move it to the end of the overview section after speaking to SMEs.
